---
layout: post
title:  "En Route To “Tokenizing Everything”"
date:   2020-12-11 07:34:46 -0700
cover: /images/blog/Roadmap Banner 2021.png
author: Gandhi
metadescription: "bZx Roadmap for 2021: En Route To “Tokenizing Everything”"
intro: "2020 has been a year that many would want to forget but has been somewhat special for us at bZx."
---

2020 has been a year that many would want to forget but has been somewhat special for us at bZx, especially these last couple of months where we have started putting together the key aspects of our protocol and have also laid down the roadmap that would make us a smoother, more functional and more stable thus improving the user experience and making it more accessible to the community. While the work we are doing is pretty exciting and getting us closer to our vision, we expect 2021 to be an exciting year for us.

**The recent past: what’s kept us busy**

The last two months have been really busy for us where we have strived to make the protocol more smoother and friendlier by tying in open loops so the foundation for a formidable roadmap can be set. While we have done some significant updates to improve the user experience and fix certain aspects of the UX for both the Fulcrum and Torque platforms and also fixed up a few pages on them, we have continued to expand our reach and have added AAVE and UNI tokens on both platforms thus enabling trading, lending, and borrowing with them.

Intending to improve adoption and educate the customer about the platform, we have integrated tooltips everywhere as an integrated FAQ. This will give the user a chance to know more about what they are doing while using the product thus creating a stickiness among them toward the bZx protocol.

**The near future: roadmap to coming up next for bZx**

While we have got our rearview mirror clean, our windscreen is, even more, cleaner and clear now as we embark on a journey towards fulfilling our vision of tokenizing everything and becoming a key clog in the future world of decentralization. The few internal developments that we have been able to get in 2020 towards the platforms and the tech infrastructure has laid a solid foundation for our 2021 roadmap. Following are the milestones that we have put forward for ourselves to achieve so that we can serve our current and future community better.     



1. **Governance:** While rewarding good governance and providing incentives to stakers is an integral part of the bZx protocol and BZRX tokens, our first step for our way ahead would be to give a facelift to our staking module but introducing a better and newer version. This would help the entire bZx ecosystem in the long run by electing good representatives.

2. **Working on Scripts under Testnet Development:** While we work on the new features and releases, we will be making it available for Testnet for the community to experience and share feedback. As the Testnet environment comes with embedded advantages of superior speed and better resilience and infrastructure, creating and working on scripts here would provide the process more agility once the DAO is introduced.

3. **Improvement/ Faster page loads /fixes:** While major updates would be the key focus of the tech team, it would leave no stone unturned to make the user experience smoother. The team will continue to make improvements to the frontend architecture along with faster page loads and bug fixes.

4. **Updated Tech Docs:** Bringing tech development to the protocol is as important as documenting it. While we build a strong backend infrastructure, the preparation of these tech docs will play a critical role in providing developers with all necessary information thus helping them in building new products over the bZx protocol.

5. **Permissionless listings:** Keeping the true spirit of DeFi in mind, bZx would be taking the next major step towards decentralization by introducing permissionless listings on both its platforms -- Torque and Fulcrum. This would mean any digital assets supported by BZRX holders can be listed on the network without central authorization. We plan to do this by conceptualizing ‘security mining’: Security mining is a method that allows BZRX holders to stake their tokens to a ‘token pool’ which they have selected to support.

6. **Launch of Fulcrum Pro:** While Fulcrum in itself is a strong platform, we believe it still needs constant improvements to stay up with the dynamic crypto environment and offer differentiated services especially to the sophisticated institutional traders. Hence we have plans to better the best and hence we would be releasing our Fulcrum Pro edition. A planned power-packed platform, Fulcrum PRO would offer a trading interface that would be more suited to professional traders and have had the experience of placing trades on advanced platforms on centralized exchanges. This platform would support both the leveraged and the spot market and would provide real time updates to investors for whom every price move matters.

7. **UX Improvements:** While we continue to #BUIDL and strengthen our platforms and protocols, we at bZx, would always prioritize customer experience over anything else. Instead of forcing customers to learn our platform, we would continue to make our UX improvements so that customers can use our platform with the utmost ease and seamlessly, thus enriching one's experience of DeFi.

8. **Improved Onboarding:** The first impressions are crucial to showing how excited a company is to have its users. It’s the same for us and we are leaving no stone unturned to make our users feel that. Hence user onboarding becomes a very important part for us. While the milestone is at the fag end of our roadmap, its preparation begins at the very start continues to move in parallel as move ahead on the roadmap.

9. **Third-Party Integrations:** While we foresee bZx to be a smart platform, we believe there are other people smarter than us in the room. Hence instead of #BUIDLing everything ourselves, we would be opening our doors to other projects and platforms to collaborate and integrate with bZx protocol, products, and platforms so we concentrate and do what we are best at and give the customer the freedom to use products that he is comfortable with while being on our platform.  With already fruitful integrations in the past with major projects such as [Kyber](http://kyber.network/) and [Chainlink](https://chain.link/), we are confident that third party integrators would only enhance the protocol making it more dynamic and agile.  

More said than done, here is how some parts of 2021 will look like!

Along with the rebrand, we are also keenly looking into gamification but not limited to NFTs, trading competitions, referral fees, and more.

We’re excited to bring these changes and developments to you and overall enrich your experience of being in a decentralized and tokenized world thus achieving our ultimate vision of tokenizing everything.

As always, please feel free to connect with the team via [Telegram](https://t.me/b0xNet) or [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/DKEq6FV). Check out our [Help Center](https://help.bzx.network/en/) to answer all of your questions about bZx, Fulcrum, and Torque.
