---
layout: post
title:  "bZx Biweekly Dev Update # 4"
date:   2020-12-15 06:45:46 -0700
cover: /images/blog/Dev update 4.jpg
author: Bean
metadescription: "We're always working on improving your experience on bZx through our new features and improvements across the protocol."
intro: "We're always working on improving your experience on bZx through our new features and improvements across the protocol."
---

We're always working on improving your experience on Fulcrum and Torque through new features and enhancements to overall strengthening the protocol.

Here’s a look at some of the work we have done on the dev side in the past two weeks.


## Updates:

1. **Rollover grid to explorer**

    We have added the rollover grid to the explorer page. With this update, users can now rollover their loans just like the liquidations.

2. **Liquidity to Fulcrum Lend and Torque Borrow tiles**

     We have enabled the ability to see how much liquidity is available on both Fulcrum and Torque pages.

3. **Alchemy badge on the bZx Homepage**.

      Alchemy supports our blockchain infrastructure. We recently added the Alchemy referral badge to the bZx homepage. You can view it at the bottom of the page [here.](https://bzx.network/)

4. **Torque page performance**

    We have improved the overall page performance of the [Torque Borrow](https://app.torque.loans/borrow) page. The tiles within the borrow page now load faster.

5. **Front-interest bug fixed**

    Previously, when attempting to front more interest, the UI showed the action failing. We have now fixed this bug.

6. **Color coding to the front end values**

    The text beneath the percentage value on Fulcrum is now color-coded. It will show green if positive and red if negative.

7. **Disappearing Positions Info Fixed**

    We got feedback from users about their position information on Fulcrum not getting displayed on the first load. The problem is now fixed.




Apart from the above updates, we have added stability tweaks and other performance enhancements to make sure everything's running as smooth as possible.

You can also follow us on [GitHub](http://github.com/bZxNetwork). Pull requests and ideas are always welcome!

As always, please feel free to connect with the team via [Telegram](https://t.me/b0xNet) or [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/DKEq6FV). Check out our [Help Center](https://help.bzx.network/en/) to answer all of your questions about bZx, Fulcrum, and Torque.
